land is expensive or is it what if you
could get it for free well you came here
for the truth
so let me unveil that for you I wasn't
kidding when I told you that you could
get free land so that's what we'll talk
about today showing you various examples
no matter where you live there may be an
option so what we'll look at today is
basically programs that the government's
have that allow you to take advantage of
a situation generally the way this works
is that a town will want to have
development so they give the land up for
free you will pay a small fee as a down
payment and once you develop on that
land they give you the down payment back
you literally get the land for free
isn't this amazing now are you going to
get a piece of Manhattan are you going
to get that San Francisco land for free
no that's not the way this works let's
be realistic here but there are
beautiful areas in various countries
that will give you free land so let's
look at some of those examples today
Kansas many small towns in Kansas offer
lots of land here for free each town has
its own unique requirement that
application process may vary but I'll
focus on building up their small
communities exactly what I said they
have this rural area they do want
development because they want stores
they wanted the economy to get going a
little bit so they say look have the
free land build on it and it's yours
that is a genius idea it's win-win and I
think it's great as I said you're not
going to get City Center somewhere but
for the most part this would be an
excellent thing for so many people so
many subscribers
that I know are interested in this type
of thing all right looking at this Iowa
so this particular one said it has a
population of just a hundred and
forty-nine it's 60 miles from Omaha and
what we're looking at here is a
population is very low in these towns
and they want to get things moving one
great way to do that is to offer people
a free piece of land so somebody might
say well why not I'll develop there I'll
build a house I can you know enjoy a
small town maybe I want to retire there
whatever the case might be look up the
area that you live in and select on your
search engine you want to go to free
land and then the city or state or
province region that you live in and see
what you can find you have to do that
for yourself I can't do that for every
region that people can possibly live in
Canada as well areas in Quebec Manitoba
so on essentially some of these are what
I said at the beginning will you pay the
down payment you get it back
others are literally $10 $10 for a piece
of land that's incredible all right
moving on looking at areas in Europe
okay I didn't find in my very very quick
search that I did 30 second search for
Europe I found this here Ireland they
had this National Asset Management
Agency and it offloaded the country's
distressed properties people were able
to get things very very cheap you look
at Portugal they have this golden
resident visa program being able to get
things tax-free residency it's important
to some people right there's different
programs the reason I'm showing you this
is
different programs for different areas
and I think that if you want to get some
sort of incentives you should be looking
into that I think that's just a wise
idea maybe it doesn't apply to you but
isn't it smart to just look into it
that's all I'm saying
many people are looking for ways to make
more money they're looking for ways to
save money and they never consider the
some of the most basic things this
happens to be one of them what about the
ground that's underneath your home but
the place you live what if that was free
what a concept
and it's possible maybe it's not perfect
maybe you don't like everything about it
I'm just telling you keep an open mind
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up these thumbs
up helped to push these videos higher up
in the youtube search rankings so I do
appreciate that very much and last but
not least if you found this video
informative I know you'll find my books
the money GPS and my newer release
global economic collapse even more
informative the first book I get into
the four asset classes for asset classes
and how to profit from them in my new
book I get into different topics about
becoming self-sufficient tax incentives
and other things similar to what we've
talked about today so that may be of use
to you if you want to flip through these
books you can do so at Amazon the links
are in the description below
take care